All right.
Whoa.
I just started this stream
and I heard some thunder outside.
Geez.
All right. One second. I'm going to wait
for people to join the stream.
I need to fix one thing here. Wait.
And
there we go. Much better.
>> [laughter]
>> That was going to bug me.
All right. Welcome to the stream.
What's up, Burger buns? Thanks for
joining. Thanks for being early.
What's up, Enchin?
Thanks for joining the stream, Enchin.
I knew you'd be here. What's up, FRQ
FRZQ?
Thanks for joining the stream.
What's up, Wasundra? Thanks for joining.
Today, we're going to be continuing
our adventure in Minecraft hardcore.
And as you can see, I've been waiting
here at my XP farm. We've got a bunch of
monsters here in the XP farm.
And it's raining.
It's raining outside.
And for now, I'm going to wait here for
people to join the stream at my XP farm.
Hello, Alex. Thanks for joining.
You should be able to buy in most
currencies on my coffee page, Burger
buns. Yeah.
Thank you. I'm glad you like my art.
Hello, Christina. Welcome to the stream.
I am a little bit early. I started a
little bit early today.
What time is it here? Right here, it's
1:00 p.m. 1:00 in the afternoon.
Masa. Hello, Masa.
If anybody here is learning Japanese,
follow Masa's channel.
Masa's making amazing videos.
Thanks for joining the stream.
I'm mixing
my protein this morning. I have to drink
my protein.
Hello. Welcome to the stream, everyone.
Hello, Bob.
Hello, Mia. Mia and Max. Hello. Welcome
to the stream.
Okay.
I got my diamond spear.
I'm going to kill
these monsters. Let's see how much XP I
get.
Here we go.
Look at all this XP. Oh, yeah.
Again.
More XP. And look at the chest. This
chest is totally full.
I can't put any more items in here. I
should throw some things away that I
don't need, like this rotten flesh. I
don't need a copper helmet.
Too many things to fit in this chest.
Hello.
Hello, Hayunya.
Okay, I got to go plant more things.
See you, Christina.
Your first time watching my stream?
Welcome.
You are in the live, Hayunya. Hello.
Hello.
As you guys can see, I've spent a lot of
time here at the XP farm. I'm now up to
level 57.
So, I'm going to be able to enchant a
lot of things in this video.
We have a lot to do in this video.
I want to go underground and find some
diamonds and I want to enchant.
Look at all this stuff.
Too much stuff.
W XP farm, thank you.
It works okay, but I still don't collect
XP very fast from this farm.
All right.
I'm going to take one more drink of
protein and then we'll get started.
I'm going to start by going over to the
supporter wall.
I have
some names to add to the supporter wall
and some names to upgrade.
I'll show you.
Let's kill these monsters.
Die.
Die, witch.
Yep, it's a witch.
Die.
Okay, let's collect the XP and now
let's jump down.
Jump.
Splash.
And let's get in the boat.
I'm going to paddle
home.
And I'll go to sleep because it's
raining.
If I go to sleep, the rain will stop.
My 8-year-old son, Maru, loves you. Oh,
I'm so glad. Thanks for watching, Maru.
I told you streaming on YouTube is a
good idea. You were right, Wasundra. You
were right.
Okay, let's go inside
and let's sleep.
Ooh.
I heard thunder.
Hello, Sense Pressure. Welcome to the
stream.
Thank you, Voxy Cube.
Thank you. I'm glad you think I'm good
at Minecraft.
Look. My copper golems have turned
green.
They're green now.
And I've organized the things in my
chests again. So,
now we have mob loot here.
A lot of this stuff I found in the XP
farm.
I can put away this rotten flesh,
gunpowder, bones. These are all things
that mobs drop.
Okay.
And over here,
I also added some things to the
enchanting room.
First of all,
I created this
book.
Let's get it.
I named this book
best enchantments because inside this
book,
I wrote down all of the best
enchantments.
I'll show you.
So, in here,
the best enchantments for the pickaxe
are fortune, efficiency, unbreaking.
Over here, these are enchantments that
I'm looking for for the sword.
Here are enchantments for armor, like
the helmet and the chest plate.
And here are some enchantments that I'm
looking for
for a bow.
As you can see, there are a lot of
different enchantments that I'm looking
for.
What a nice world. Thank you.
No cereal today. Nope. Today, I'm
drinking my protein.
For leggings, you swift sneak.
Ooh. Okay.
Copper golem is now a green golem. Yep.
>> [laughter]
>> Now I have two green golems. And the
chests have turned green as well.
These chests
weren't green before.
Hello, Bixon. Thanks for joining the
live stream.
Drink water. I have some water right
here. Don't worry.
Yeah, I'm going to enchant some books.
So,
over here,
in this chest,
no. Where are my books?
Here I have some leather.
And I also have some paper.
Paper here.
Ooh.
Okay. Let's make some books.
I'm going to start by making some books.
Oh, thank you, FRQZ. I'm glad you like
my art.
Hello, Can3P.
You should let You should use an axe to
let those copper golems
turn it orange. Huh?
My goal today is to enchant some diamond
tools.
The main thing that I want to do in this
video
is get
Go away, Jeb.
Go away.
The main thing that I want to do in this
stream
is get a pickaxe with the fortune
enchantment.
I want to enchant a fortune pickaxe so I
can go underground and collect a bunch
of diamonds.
So, that is my goal for this stream.
But, first I have something to do over
at the supporter wall.
So, let's go outside. I'll open the
door.
Close it.
And let's walk over to the supporter
wall.
How's my day been? My day's been good.
How about you? How are you guys doing
today?
What's your armor right now? Right now I
have armor that I found at my XP farm. I
have an iron helmet, chainmail chest
plate,
golden leggings,
and golden boots.
And these three pieces of armor are
enchanted.
I found these at the XP farm.
Yeah.
I need to upgrade my armor for sure.
Okay, let's go over to the supporter
wall.
I changed the supporter wall a little
bit. Now, each person has their own
sign.
See?
There are some names.
Here are some names that I need to add
to the wall.
So,
I'll get some scaffolding.
And I'll get some jungle signs.
And I'll place some scaffolding here.
Okay.
Now, let's go up.
So, I need to add Park Jiho,
and Amon, and Nono to the wall.
Amon was on the wall before, but we're
adding Nono.
Let's start
with Park.
p a r k j i h o
j i h o
There we go.
And
Amon  Nono.
Okay.
Oops.
I'm going to make another sign
and place it to the right.
There we go. Big thank you to Park Jiho,
and Amon, and Nono.
Thank you so much for supporting this
channel.
Now, let's go back down
and look at our signs.
Look.
Now, we have eight signs on the
supporter wall.
Okay, let's see. I'm going to read your
comments.
Good luck. Thank you. Hello Chri- Chris-
Christian? Hello, Christian. Thanks for
joining the stream.
I need to drink some protein.
Ooh, I should make more Minecraft art.
You're right, Alex. I like this comment.
I'm craving orange juice right now. Ooh,
orange juice does sound good. You're
right.
I was playing Minecraft earlier on the
Discord. Yep.
Hello, Dennis. Thanks for joining the
stream.
Why don't you play Java instead of
Bedrock? Um, I'm just more used to
Bedrock Edition. I've played more
Bedrock Edition.
Hello, Soy Whip. Thanks for joining the
stream.
You can call me Forest. Hello, Forest.
Thanks for joining.
Okay.
So, I added two signs to the wall.
Now, I'm going to upgrade some signs.
Over here,
Martina, Mia, and Max, and Carsten have
both donated more
than $25.
Thank you so much for your donations.
I'm going to upgrade your signs.
I'm going to get my scaffolding, and
I'll place my scaffolding here.
And now,
I'm going to take some bamboo signs.
Um
Wait.
Oh. I need to go back home cuz I need
some of these stones.
Let's go back home real quick.
You're a good teacher. Thank you,
Voxicube.
Thank you, Forest.
You should make a mini monument, stuff
like mini structures for your
supporters. That sounds cool.
Maybe I'll do that in the future,
Sirnot.
Okay.
Let's get some chiseled stone bricks.
I need two of them.
Open the door. Close the door. I'll go
back to the supporter wall.
Okay.
I love the music in Minecraft. It's very
relaxing.
Let's climb the scaffolding.
Okay.
We need to go a little higher.
I need more scaffolding.
Let's go up.
Okay. I'm going to break the sign.
Okay.
Now, I'll switch the stone to the
chiseled stone bricks.
We'll switch the stone.
There we go.
Martina,
Mia,
and Max.
Did I do that right? Let's see.
Martina, Mia, and Max. Awesome. I
upgraded your
I'm sorry.
I upgraded your sign. Martina, Mia, and
Max, thank you for supporting this
channel.
And now time to do Carsten.
Right here.
I'll break this.
And I'll replace it with chiseled stone
brick.
k a Oop.
k a r s t e n
There we go.
Big thank you to Carsten,
and to Martina, Mia, and Max for
supporting this channel.
And if you would like your names added
to the supporter wall,
you could go to this link up here. This
link is also down in the description of
this video, and you could make a
donation to this channel.
If you make a donation, I'll add your
name
to the supporter wall.
All right.
And in the future, I'm going to add more
levels.
I think the last one will be diamond.
It's night time, so let's go home.
Let's go back home.
Spider.
Charge.
Die, spider. Die.
I killed the spider with my spear.
My spear is almost broken.
Open. Close.
Okay. Let's go to sleep.
Please play a bit of Five Nights at
Freddy's.
>> [laughter]
>> Maybe in the future.
I do like Five Nights at Freddy's.
Hello, Owen Minecraft.
Owen IX Minecraft. Thank you for
watching my videos.
Do you exercise often? I exercise maybe
four or five times each week.
Prioritize mending for tools. Yeah, I've
heard that mending is really good.
I keep on thinking that these guys are
creepers now that they're green.
They're scaring me.
Okay.
I have some leather and some paper. Now,
let's make some books.
b o o k
I can make 19 books.
Now, I have 27 books in total. That's a
lot of books.
All right.
Let me get my best enchantments book.
And now, I need some lapis.
My lapis is up here.
55 lapis.
It's time to do a lot of enchanting.
Hopefully, I find
the fortune enchantment.
Let's go to the enchantment table.
And I'll put the books in the enchanting
table.
Or one book.
And I'll put the lapis.
Protection four. Okay.
Let's see the pickaxe.
Unbreaking.
And the sword.
Oh, I can't put any more enchantments on
this sword.
Let me find another sword.
Um
I'll make a stone sword.
Okay.
Let's see what enchantments I can get on
the sword.
Fire aspect two.
Protection four is good.
Protection four?
Okay, I'll do protection four.
I'm going to get this protection four
enchantment on the book.
Woah. Okay. We got three enchantments on
this book. Protection four,
density four, and piercing four.
Okay.
That seems pretty good.
Your copper golems are going to be
statues soon.
Oh, no.
How do I stop that from happening?
What should I do
with these copper golems?
What do they need?
Don't enchant any armor with protection
four until you get diamonds. Yep, that's
why I'm looking for fortune first.
I want to find fortune so I can first
get a bunch of diamonds and make diamond
armor.
Okay.
Right click them with an axe.
Really?
Oh.
There we go.
Okay, that's easy. And the chest as
well?
There we go.
Okay. Thank you.
Thank you for teaching me these things.
Protection four will be great for my
armor. Yep.
Okay.
Now my copper golems won't become
statues.
Okay.
Let's continue enchanting.
I'm going to put another book in the
table.
And more lapis.
Another protection four.
I'll do it.
Oops.
Okay. This time we got protection four,
breach three, and piercing four.
Okay.
That seems good, too.
Let's check the pickaxe.
Unbreaking.
Let's check the sword.
Sharpness.
Okay, let's do another book.
Projectile protection.
Is projectile protection good?
Hmm.
Should I get this projectile protection
enchantment or no?
Oh, breach is for the mace?
Okay. I need to find a mace now.
Hello from Libya. Welcome to the stream.
Projectile isn't as good.
Okay, I'm not going to get projectile
protection.
Um
Maybe I'll try enchanting a bow.
Let's see what I can get on the bow.
Unbreaking three.
Um
Well, I guess I'll do a book.
Maybe I'll get other check enchantments,
too.
I'll try the book.
Ah.
Woah. Okay, I did.
Smite four, knockback two, efficiency
three.
Hmm.
Okay. Now I'm at level 48.
My experience levels are decreasing.
Let's continue enchanting.
Let's try the pickaxe.
Fortune?
Wait.
There we go.
Still no fortune enchantment for the
pickaxe.
Um
Sharpness, no. Let's enchant another
book.
Bane of arthropods three and loyalty
three.
Bane of arthropods, I think, is strong
against spiders.
Try to enchant your diamond sword with
sharpness. Yeah, I'm looking for
sharpness four. I think it's sharpness
four.
Five. Woah. I'm looking for sharpness
five for the sword.
Okay.
Let's continue enchanting.
Silk touch. Ooh.
I think I'm going to get this silk touch
enchantment.
Let's see how many diamonds we have.
I only have five diamonds.
Hmm.
What can I get on the book?
Projectile protection.
Hmm.
Silk touch is really good.
I think I'm going to get this silk touch
enchantment.
Hmm. But if I get silk touch,
I won't be able to make another diamond
pickaxe for fortune.
Hmm.
What should I do?
Kenzo, I'm so surprised that you speak
English so well. I live in China. Where
do you live? I live in the United
States. I've spoken English my whole
life. English is my native language.
It makes it annoying to break or.
Yeah, but there are some things that you
can only get with silk touch. So, silk
touch is is pretty good, I think.
You saved the copper golems, thanks.
Yeah.
I saved the copper golems.
Hmm.
I don't know if I should spend my
diamonds to make a silk touch pickaxe.
I don't think I'm going to right now.
Right now, I'm looking for fortune.
So, let's continue enchanting books.
Okay. Projectile protection four and
lunge three.
Let's see.
Let's try the pickaxe again.
Still no fortune.
Let's do it.
Smite three and efficiency three.
Okay.
I'm going to put the books in this
chest.
I'll put all my enchanted books in here.
I'm getting a lot of good enchanted
books,
but no fortune.
Now my XP is only level 39.
I have lunge on my spear here.
This spear has smite three, lunge three,
and knockback one. It's a really good
spear.
Okay, let's continue.
Let's keep on enchanting.
Let's try the pickaxe again.
Fortune? No, it's silk touch again.
Okay. Let's do a book.
Fire aspect two, loyalty two.
Now I'm only level 36.
Fortune, fortune?
Nope. Unbreaking.
You
You can try to enchant the bow with
power.
Does my bow have power?
My bow right now has power two.
So, I don't think I'm going to enchant
another bow.
I really want a pickaxe with fortune.
Okay.
Let's do another book.
Protection three.
That's not very good.
Let's see what I can get for a bow.
Unbreaking three, no thanks. I'll do
another book.
Protection three, efficiency three,
power three. Okay, this book has power
three.
And my bow right now only has power two.
So, this book is an upgrade.
Fortune is really rare. Oh, no.
Are you married? No, not yet.
Okay.
No fortune.
Let's enchant another book.
Piercing three.
I can only do one more level 30
enchantment.
Fortune?
Nope, unbreaking three.
Okay.
Oh, feather falling.
Feather falling is good.
Feather falling is one of the
enchantments I was looking for
for boots.
Let's make this feather falling book.
Okay, feather falling four, unbreaking
three, riptide three.
That's pretty good.
And I can no longer get
level 30 enchantments.
>> [sighs]
>> I was really hoping I could find
fortune.
But, I didn't.
Well, I'll put my enchanting book right
here.
Let's see what enchantments I found.
What can we enchant?
These books with protection four will be
really good for armor.
Projectile protection.
These could be for armor as well.
Feather falling will be good for boots.
Okay.
I'm going to leave these books for now.
I need more diamonds. I really need more
diamonds. I only have five diamonds
left.
Chest plate protection four. Yeah, once
I build diamond armor,
I'll put the protection four
enchantments on it.
Okay, I'm going to put away my stuff in
this chest.
I'll put away all this stuff.
And I'll put my stuff in this chest as
well.
I don't need this stuff.
I need the sword.
Um I'll take my pickaxe.
I don't need any of this.
Do I need any of this?
I don't think so.
Okay.
Well,
right now I have five diamonds and I'm
looking for more.
So,
let's go underground and let's find some
more diamonds.
Level -59 for diamonds.
Okay.
We'll go down to level -59.
Let's go look for diamonds.
We need more diamonds.
My pickaxe right now has the unbreaking
three enchantment.
Let's go down to level -59.
Is that the bottom?
Is that the very bottom of the world?
Ooh.
This is where I killed my parrot.
RIP parrot.
Okay, let's keep going down.
Don't kill any pets.
>> [laughter]
>> I won't kill any pets.
Here we are, -59.
Oh, no, I didn't bring torches. I forgot
torches.
RIP parrot.
Spam RIP parrot in the chat.
>> [gasps]
>> Okay.
I'll start digging this way. I need to
go back up to get torches though. I
forgot to get torches.
>> [sighs]
>> Let's see if we can find some diamonds.
I'm not a killer. It was an accident. I
accidentally killed my parrot.
Oh, it's so dark. I can't see.
I need to go get some some torches.
I need torches so I can see.
I forgot torches.
You need more food? Oh.
I do need food. I also forgot food.
Thanks. Thanks for reminding me.
Every nine blocks forward, dig four to
the sides and up.
Oh, really?
Okay, I'll try it.
Welcome back, burger buns.
Chin, can you name a rabbit toast?
And it will change look. Really?
Is that true?
>> [laughter]
>> Name a rabbit toast.
More food equals massive sprints. Yeah,
I need food so I can sprint.
It's true.
And wood?
What do I need wood for?
It's called
the
Grain the Grain method?
I'll try it.
Okay, let's go to sleep.
I'll try it, the Grain method.
Okay, I need torches.
Where are my torches? Oh, maybe I don't
have any torches.
I don't think I have torches.
Nope.
Okay, well I don't have torches. Let's
get some food.
Um in here I have some steak.
I can cook this steak
or this beef into steak.
I don't have any coal.
Let's see. With this bamboo I can make
bamboo blocks.
Let's make some bamboo blocks.
And we can cook this mutton with bamboo
blocks.
I'll pick up some wood.
Um
32 wooden planks.
Okay.
I'll put this beef in here for now.
I need to collect some coal.
Where is the best place to find coal?
Tell me in the chat.
Where do you find coal?
Your copper golems are so cute. Yes, I
love the copper golems.
I should name these copper golems.
Hi, I'm watching from Moldova. Will
there be videos about other games? Yes,
I'm definitely going to make videos
about other games in the future. Tell me
what games I should play on the channel
in the chat.
Tell me what games I should play here on
the channel.
Charcoal, I could make charcoal.
Level 95 is the best for coal.
Okay, Owen here says level 95.
Geometry Dash?
I don't think I'll play Geometry Dash
here on the channel.
I'm not very good at Geometry Dash. I've
played it once or twice.
Go away, creeper.
Die. Die.
Okay.
Ooh, I should get the XP.
I'll get the XP.
Come here, XP.
XP.
Okay. Yeah, level 95 is higher. I need
to go higher to reach level 95.
I need to find a mountain.
Hytale? Pokémon? Ooh, okay.
I'm reading the games that you're
suggesting me.
Masa Masa here says Animal Crossing. I
love Animal Crossing.
How long have you been playing
Minecraft? Many, many years. I've been
playing Minecraft since I was like 10
years old.
Pokémon?
Maybe I could play some Pokémon here on
the channel.
Ooh, horror games? Which horror games
should I play?
I've seen Masa Masa, you've been playing
uh Eight Doors?
Is it called Eight Doors?
It looks really cool.
Plants vs. Zombies? Ooh.
That could be fun.
I've seen the Plants vs. Zombies Garden
Warfare game, which is a shooting game.
Okay, let's continue.
Okay, I have my food. I need to find
some coal.
Let's look for a mountain.
I'm going to look for a mountain so we
can find some coal.
I'll get in my boat.
Oh.
I need a compass.
I almost forgot a compass.
Here we go.
I also moved my lodestone
over here. Before, my lodestone was in
the house, but I moved it
over here.
Okay, let's go look for a mountain so I
can get some coal.
I'm sailing.
Oh,
let's not go this way.
Let's go this way.
Write your coordinates in case you lose
the compass.
Okay.
There we go. I took a screenshot of my
coordinates.
Super Mario Wonder? Ooh.
I really like the Mario games.
Day 150.
Today is day 150
in this world.
Okay.
Let's go find a mountain.
You can go to the site that you went for
snowballs. Oh, you're right, Owen.
Whoa.
Whoa, what's going on?
Wait.
Whoa, hold on.
There's a lot of lag right now. Hold on.
1 second.
Uh-oh.
1 second. There's a lot of lag. I'm
sorry.
I'm trying to fix it right now.
Okay, I'm reloading the world.
I'm reloading the world.
Hopefully this is better.
Is it fixed?
Tell me in the chat, is it better?
Fixed?
Okay, it's good.
Good. Good. Good. Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> It started lagging really bad.
Okay.
Fixed? Okay, good.
We fixed it.
All right.
I'm going to find that mountain
where I collected the snowballs
for the happy ghast.
I think it's this direction.
I'm paddling the boat.
I'm paddling the boat down the river.
Jungle trees.
Some of these jungle trees are huge.
Let's continue sailing.
I'm sailing my boat.
Hello, Larga?
Larga Vigar? Thanks for joining the
stream.
Your armor is not very good. No, right
now my armor is pretty bad.
Okay.
Let's keep sailing this way.
I think there are some mountains this
direction.
There's lots of kelp
underwater here.
Lots of kelp.
Actually, I'm going to collect some of
this kelp.
I think you can use kelp in a furnace.
Let's collect some kelp.
I'm picking up some kelp.
Pick up some kelp.
Oh, no.
Ooh, zombies.
Die.
These zombies surprised me.
Die. Die.
I killed the zombies.
There were two zombies there. Let's get
back in the boat.
And let's keep rowing.
Oh, you're right. I need to eat.
You're right.
I'll eat some cooked mutton.
Can you try to play Level Devil? I've
never heard of that before.
What kind of a game is that?
Yeah, I think you can use kelp in a
furnace. We can use this to cook meat or
to smelt some ore.
Okay, there is a mountain.
There is a mountain. Hopefully we can
find some coal in that mountain.
The sun's going down.
Pretty soon it will be night time.
Let's get out of the boat.
And I'll break the boat.
Okay.
You can eat kelp?
Oh, my hunger is full.
Okay,
I'm going to run over
to the mountain.
Use the creeper explosion to kill other
monsters. Yeah, that is a good tip.
Lots of monsters here.
Let's dive.
I'm swimming in the water.
Okay.
Here we are, a mountain.
Lots of flowers here.
An Enderman. I'm not going to look at
the Enderman.
The Enderman are super dangerous.
Jump.
Whoa.
Look at this.
There's a big cave here.
Coal.
Ooh.
It's going to be hard to get this coal.
I'll mine it.
I heard a zombie.
There's more coal.
I need my diamond sword.
Die, zombie, die.
Okay.
Ooh, I see lots of coal here.
No.
Skeleton.
Die, skeleton.
Ooh, I pushed the skeleton down there.
Okay, let's get some coal.
I'm collecting some coal.
And some XP.
We're almost to level 28.
Okay, let's craft some torches.
There we go.
I made some torches.
Ooh.
There's some iron.
Jump.
Let's go up to that iron.
I hear another zombie close by.
Okay, let's get this iron.
You can smelt other things, too, Enchan.
You can also smelt copper.
Um
you can smelt gold.
You can smelt all of the different kinds
of ore in a furnace.
You can eat cooked kelp. Oh, okay, so
you have to cook the kelp.
I see.
Let's collect some iron.
Ooh, this is scary.
I don't like this place.
It's okay. I forget about gold, too.
I usually leave gold.
I forget that you can make things like
golden carrots.
Die.
Let's get the XP.
Okay, that creeper exploded.
I'll place another torch, and look, more
coal. We got more coal.
I'm going to pick up this coal.
My shield is almost broken.
Oh, you're right.
Oh, no. It's okay, I have some iron. I
can make another shield with this iron.
Ooh.
I need to make a new shield.
Okay.
There's a bunch of coal.
I'm going to get a little bit more coal.
So, I can build a bunch of torches.
There's more coal.
Let's mine up to the coal.
Just one piece?
Just one piece of coal there.
Hello, welcome.
Welcome from Brazil.
RIP shield. Yep. My shield's almost
broken.
This is a big cave.
There's a spider.
I'm going to go down a little bit.
Any coal?
There's more coal.
Die.
Die, skeleton.
Okay.
I'm going back up.
Back up.
Go away, creeper.
No.
Die.
Die, creeper. Die. Die.
Ooh, this is scary.
Here's some coal.
More coal.
I'm not going to get killed by a cave,
no way.
I need to survive.
I can do it.
More coal.
Okay.
I'm going back up.
I'm mainly scared of falling down there.
Cuz if I fall down there, I'll
definitely die.
I'm really high up.
Okay.
Let's go back home.
I got some coal.
Now I can go back home.
Where's my boat?
Did I pick up my boat? I did.
I'll place my boat, and I'll get in.
Okay. Let's paddle back home.
Where's my compass?
Here it is.
We need to go this direction.
Oh.
I should bring a bucket of water.
Owen.
That's a good idea.
A bucket of water would help me to get
down.
Okay. Oh, look, a village.
The sun's coming up.
It's morning.
There are some houses and some
villagers.
I can see some villagers
in the village.
This village isn't abandoned like the
other village.
Okay.
Let's keep going home.
A turtle.
Your English sounds great, Owen. You're
doing a great job.
Eat.
You're right, I should eat.
There we go.
And I think I need to get out of the
boat soon.
Um
can I paddle through here?
Yes.
Maybe I don't need to get out of the
boat.
Maybe I can paddle all the way home.
What's that?
Nothing. I think that's just sand.
We're almost home.
You know, if you name a villager,
it will never disappear.
Oh, look.
There's my supporter sign.
Huh.
So, the villagers never disappear if you
name them.
I'm definitely not ready to fight the
warden, Enchan. No way.
>> [laughter]
>> I don't even have iron armor yet.
I'm definitely not ready to fight the
warden.
All right, we made it back home.
We made it back home.
And now
I have 24 coal.
So, I can make a bunch of torches.
And let's smelt this iron.
I'll put
this coal
I'll put this coal in this furnace and
I'll smelt this iron.
There we go. Now we're smelting the
iron. I'm going to wait for one iron
ingot to smelt so I can make a new
shield.
What are your favorite Minecraft bosses?
I think my favorite boss in Minecraft is
the Wither.
I really like the Wither.
Okay.
Let's make a new shield.
Oops.
s h i e l d a shield
There we go. Now we can replace our
shield that's almost broken.
Now we have a new shield.
I'll put this old shield in the chest.
And I'm going to pick up some water in
this bucket.
Let's go outside.
And I'm going to scoop up some water.
There we go.
Okay.
Anything else I'm forgetting before I go
underground?
I have torches.
I have food.
I have wood.
blocks
water
I think I have everything.
I think I'm ready to go underground.
Clear your inventory.
Good idea.
I'll clear my inventory by putting
things in this chest.
Okay.
There we go.
I want some blocks.
I'll keep my blocks here. I don't need
an axe.
I'll put away the axe.
Okay.
I think I'm ready.
Let's go outside.
And let's go underground.
We're going underground to find
diamonds.
I'm going to collect a bunch of diamonds
in this video.
I want to keep my arrows for the bow so
I can use my bow if I need to.
Yeah, that part of my house still needs
a roof.
The roof of my house isn't complete.
Nope.
I want to build a second floor to my
house.
I want to continue expanding my house.
Okay.
Now I have torches.
Let's start mining.
Let's do it.
Oh, here's some gravel.
Break the gravel and place a torch.
Break the gravel, place a torch.
Okay. Let's continue.
I've been strip mining for the last
couple of days
only for 37 iron and two stacks of coal.
>> [laughter]
>> What level have you been mining at?
Enchant
torch
redstone
I want to build some things using
redstone soon.
I'm finding a lot of redstone.
Hello Alan Gaming Pro. Welcome to the
stream.
I'm looking for diamonds down here.
You can find diamonds close to lava.
Yep, I haven't seen any lava down here
though. Not yet.
If I don't find anything down here,
I can go back up and explore the lush
cave area we found during the last
stream.
I would really like to find an axolotl.
It is dangerous up there. Yeah.
Any diamonds?
Ooh, here's some iron.
I found a little bit of iron.
Here's more iron.
Okay.
I think I found three pieces of iron
down here.
We need to find diamonds.
The blue axolotl is the rarest.
Ooh.
Thank you, Mustaf.
Mustafa
Thank you. I'm glad you like my videos.
Thanks for watching.
Thank you, Wasandra.
Thanks for watching and supporting my
channel.
more tough
I'm finding a lot of this
this tough
negative 54, Owen?
Do I need to go up to find diamonds?
Is negative 54 better than negative 59?
I'll place another torch.
We still haven't found any diamonds.
I need to find some diamonds.
I need to finish drinking my protein.
You think I need to go up, Wasandra?
No diamonds yet.
It's a good thing that my pickaxe has
unbreaking on it.
Or else my diamond pickaxe would have
been broken by now.
Ooh, more redstone.
I'll mine this redstone for the XP.
There we go.
Um
I love watching your vids because
they're just vanilla Minecraft. Yeah, I
haven't played much modded Minecraft.
All of my videos are vanilla.
After the stream ends, I'm going to go
to my Minecraft world and start digging
at negative 59.
Good idea.
Good plan.
Oh, no. It's a lagging again.
Oh, no.
What is going on?
Okay, hold on.
Hold on. It's lagging again.
I'm going to exit out of Minecraft.
Hold on.
I'm reloading Minecraft
because it's lagging.
I'm reloading the game.
Sorry about the lag, chat.
Let me see.
I'm trying to fix it.
I'm reloading the world.
Hopefully this fixes the lag.
>> I finished my protein.
I finished drinking my protein.
Okay.
Is it better?
Hopefully the lag stops. Hopefully it's
better now.
W protein.
Okay, hopefully I fixed the lag.
It looks like it's better now.
Okay, the lag is gone.
Good.
Did I miss gold?
I missed gold, you're right.
Thank you, Sombra.
Thank you, Sombra. I missed gold.
I'll mine this gold.
Okay.
I'll keep mining.
Don't let it happen again.
You can find diamonds close to bedrock.
Yeah, I'm all the way down at bedrock.
Look, here's bedrock.
So, I'm all the way down at the bottom
of the world.
But, I haven't found any diamonds yet.
Hopefully we find some.
Diamonds near the redstone?
Where?
Oh, you're right.
I missed these diamonds.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, Owen.
Owen.
Thank you.
>> [laughter]
>> I almost missed these diamonds.
Okay. Let's see how many diamonds we
found.
One.
Two.
Any more?
Two diamonds. Oh, three.
Three diamonds.
Any more?
Okay, awesome.
So far, we found three diamonds.
Thank you, Owen.
Hello, Jefferson. Welcome. You came from
TikTok?
Awesome.
All right, let's continue mining.
Is this your first stream, Jefferson?
Yeah, so far this is going good.
Let's keep going.
This is a good tunnel.
This tunnel is lucky.
It's getting dark again.
I'll place another torch.
Okay.
Oh, more gravel.
I'll get my torch.
Break.
Ah.
Okay.
And I'll switch back to the pickaxe.
Let's keep mining.
Dig a square, it's better to find
diamonds.
Like this?
Like this, Christian?
This is a better way to mine?
Okay, I'll try it.
I'll try mining like this, in a square.
Torch.
I only have 14 torches left.
Let's keep mining.
No diamonds.
Hmm.
Torch.
Woah, I hear zombies.
Oh, the the
the green method? So, you have to go
like this?
You mine up every four blocks, you said?
Hello, Matthew.
Welcome.
Welcome to the stream.
Okay.
Now, it's been four blocks, so now I
need to dig up again.
Okay.
Hello, Thales. Thanks for joining the
stream.
Hello, Thales Pixel.
Every nine blocks, mine to your left and
right. Okay.
Every nine blocks.
I'll mine to the left and right here.
I'll mine to the left. Now, I'll mine to
the right.
Okay.
Nine.
10.
Okay.
I went 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 blocks.
So, here on the 10th block, I'll mine to
the left
and to the right.
Nothing.
I think I'm going to go back up to the
lush cave. Do you remember the lush cave
that I found during the last live
stream?
I think I might find more diamonds if I
explore a cave.
I'm going to go back to the lush cave.
Wow, this is a really long tunnel.
Okay.
Let's go back up.
Let's go up to the tunnel that connects
to the lush cave.
It's at level 16.
Kenzo, you can make small holes along
the walls. This will help you see all
four sides at once.
And make the next hole two blocks away
from the previous one.
Oh, okay. That allows you to see more
blocks.
Okay. Are you planning on doing live
streams on TikTok or Instagram?
Um
I don't know. I wasn't really planning
on it, but maybe on TikTok. Maybe.
Hello, Brunone.
Hello, Brunone. Welcome to the stream.
Okay.
I did mine a lot. I mined a lot there.
Let's go up to level 16.
Yeah.
Enchen, I'll look up online the green
method.
I'll do some research on the green
When are you beating the dragon? When I
get stronger. I need some diamond armor
first.
Before I fight the Ender Dragon, I
definitely need enchanted diamond armor.
Okay, the lush cave is this way.
I'm going to eat some meat.
All right.
Maybe I can find some diamonds down
here.
Oh. I heard a witch.
I think I heard a witch.
Ooh. Welcome back, Dennis.
Look.
Axolotls.
Oh, what color should I pick up?
Here there's a yellow axolotl.
Here there's a pink one.
Ooh, I like this one.
I picked up this pink
axolotl.
Oh.
I want this one, too.
Blue is super rare. I don't see any blue
ones here.
I see a white one, a yellow one.
This one's a pink one.
I don't see any blue axolotls.
Ooh.
I see some fish over here. There are
some fish swimming around.
Yellow?
I need more iron. Wait.
I think I have a furnace up here.
Jump. Ah.
I think I have Yeah. Here's a furnace.
I'm going to smelt this iron.
>> [snorts]
>> I want two axolotls.
Pick it up, it will say blue?
That was a blue one?
Okay, I'll go back there and I'll pick
up the one that might be blue.
I need one more iron. There we go.
Let's make a bucket.
Okay.
Let's go pick up another axolotl.
Let's see.
This one?
Come here.
Adult cyan axolotl.
This one is cyan.
Oops.
Cyan? Cyan is good?
This one is rare?
Okay. So now I have one cyan axolotl
and one pink axolotl.
We have two axolotls now.
Hello.
Is this one a baby?
I think this is a baby axolotl.
Wow.
I like the yellow one, too.
Okay.
I see some fish up here.
I'll pick them up.
Let's keep exploring down here. I want
to find some diamonds.
Okay.
Let's keep going down.
Look at all of these glow berries.
Whoa.
What is this on the ceiling?
I don't have any shears. I don't think I
can pick it up.
Hey there, been trying to catch your
stream for a while. Love what you're
doing. Oh, thank you, World Eater.
Thanks for joining the stream and thanks
for watching my videos.
We're getting pretty deep.
I can hear some skeletons close by.
I think I can hear some skeletons.
Monsters over here.
Die. Die. Uh-oh.
Ooh.
Die, skeleton.
Okay, I killed those monsters
and we found some gold and
some lapis.
More zombies.
Die, zombie.
Die.
I can hear a lot more zombies around
here.
Ooh.
Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Whoa.
I need to eat. I need to eat. I need to
eat.
Ooh.
I ate some food. I'm healing.
Oh, that was scary.
I don't need scissors to pick up that
flower?
Ooh.
Oh, this place is dangerous.
I don't like it down here.
I hear a slime.
Do you hear that?
That's slime jumping.
Huh.
Is Dinnerbone still alive? Yes,
Dinnerbone's still alive, Christian.
Torch.
Whoa.
Okay.
I'll pick up this iron.
I need to eat again.
I'll throw away
um
I'll throw away one gunpowder.
Okay, let's keep going down. I need to
go deeper to find diamonds.
Hello, it's Deku.
Welcome to the stream.
Torch.
I see a zombie.
Come here, zombie.
Die.
I need to I need to make more torches.
What? I don't have coal?
I thought I had more coal.
I only have one torch.
Maybe I can find some coal down here.
Is this too deep to find coal?
There's lava.
I'M OUT OF TORCHES.
DIAMONDS.
OKAY, LET'S GET THESE DIAMONDS.
There's at least two.
Any more?
No.
Okay, we found two more diamonds. We're
up
to five diamonds so far.
Let's keep going.
Hmm.
I'm going to go up a little bit.
Maybe I can find some coal up there.
Ooh. I forgot about the lapis and the
gold.
Let's collect this.
There's some lapis and here's some gold.
Negative 25. Yep.
We did find some diamonds.
If you find deep slate emerald, do not
pick it up. Use silk touch.
Ooh, okay.
I'm going to go back up a little bit.
I need to get a little bit higher.
Here we go.
Now maybe I can find some coal
and make more torches.
Any coal around here?
There's more gold.
Gold. Uh-oh.
Oh, and there's iron. Oh, I see some
coal. There's some coal up there on the
ceiling.
Okay.
Let's go up.
Do you have a bone in your inventory? I
need to know something.
Oh, if you need to throw something. I
see. Yep, I can throw this bone.
I don't need the bone.
Okay, let's get some coal.
I'll throw the bone and I'll pick up
some coal.
I don't have any wood.
I can't make torches. I don't have wood.
Any more coal?
I can't see.
I'll mine this iron as well.
Okay.
And I'll jump down.
I got some iron.
Some iron and three coal.
But I don't have any wood.
I don't have any wood.
Jump. Jump.
Where's my tunnel?
Oh, there it is. Jump.
Here's my tunnel. New tip from
D3verdirer5. Thank you for your
Minecraft language series.
Makes me proud to be at Mojang to see
community creations like yours.
Oh, thank you so much. Thank you so much
for the donation.
I'll add your name to my supporter wall
when I get back home. Thank you so much
for the donation.
All right.
Throw away the flint.
Yeah, I don't need flint.
I don't need
Um I don't need gravel.
I don't need Uh actually, I'll keep this
tough. Maybe I can build with this
tough.
All right.
Where's my staircase?
Here it is. Let's go up the staircase
and let's go back home.
W donation. Thank you so much for the
donation.
That's my first donation during a live
stream.
That makes me very happy.
All right.
We're back here to the surface.
Oh, that's my animals.
>> [laughter]
>> That's the sound of my animals.
Look at all of the fireflies flying
around in the air
because of my firefly bushes.
Okay.
Let's go back inside
and let's go to sleep.
Sleep time.
All right.
And now Oh, no.
Die.
Okay. Now let's head over to the
supporter wall. I have a new sign to add
to the supporter wall.
Let's open the chest.
I'll take a jungle sign.
I just need one.
One jungle sign.
And
let's go up.
I'll place the sign right here.
Let's see.
D 3
V
e r d i e r.
Awesome. D3verdirer.
Big thank you to D3verdirer for helping
to support this channel. Thank you so
much for your donation. I've added your
name
to my supporter wall.
Now we have nine signs on the supporter
wall.
I'll break these.
All right.
We found five more diamonds. So now I
think we have 10 diamonds total. Let's
see.
See you later, Christian. Thanks for
joining the stream.
There we go.
Where should I put my axolotls?
Hmm.
For now I'm going to put the axolotls in
this chest.
But I want to build a house for the
axolotls in the future.
Okay, five more diamonds. Now we have 10
diamonds.
10 diamonds.
We're at 29 XP.
We need to get to level 30 before we
continue enchanting.
Okay.
I think I'm going to end this stream
right here.
We found some more diamonds.
I found some axolotls.
We enchanted a bunch of books.
We have a bunch of enchanted books.
Oh, I know.
The last thing I'll do in this stream is
I'll make some diamond armor and I'll
enchant it using
one of these protection books.
Maybe this one.
Yeah, I'll put this book
on a piece of diamond armor.
Let's go to the crafting table.
And
let's see.
What should I build? Should I build a
helmet, a chest plate, leggings, or
boots?
I think I'm going to do either
a chest plate or leggings.
If I do leggings, that'll leave me
with three diamonds remaining. So I can
make another diamond pickaxe. So I'll
make leggings.
There we go. I made some diamond
leggings.
And now I'll go to the anvil.
I'll put the leggings
and some lapis
in the anvil.
Do I need lapis? I don't think I need
lapis.
Oh, I need the the book.
Here it is.
Do you need lapis? No?
Okay.
There we go. It cost four
enchantment points
to put protection four on these
leggings. No?
Oh, no lapis for the anvil. Okay. For
some reason, I thought you needed lapis
for the anvil, but no, that's just for
the enchanting table.
Okay, I guess let's do it.
I did it.
Now I have some enchanted diamond
leggings.
Plus six armor.
Plus two armor toughness.
Let's put them on.
Now I'm wearing the diamond leggings.
All right.
Now I'm at seven armor.
Look at my armor.
All right. I think I'm going to end this
stream right here.
Thank you so much for joining the
stream, everyone.
I'm going to end right here. I'm just
going to say goodbye.
Thank you so much for joining, Sombra.
See you later. Thanks for joining the
stream.
Goodbye, Mia and Max. Thank you so much
for joining. See you later.
Goodbye, Owen.
Thanks for joining the stream, Owen. See
you later, Enchen.
Thanks, Brunone. Thanks for joining the
stream. I'll see you next time.
See you later, Fails.
See you later, Santid.
Bye, Devin. Dennis. Bye, Dennis.
See you later, Mustafa.
See you, everyone. Thanks for joining
the stream, and I'll see you guys next
week.